1. What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	When I initialize a repository, a hidden folder (.git) is created.
	There, the entire history of my project will be saved.
	I must run the "git init" command whenever I create a new 
	project and I want to add a git repository to it. 
	(This is not necessary to do when I clone a project, as it usualy 
	already has a .git folder)


2. How is the staging area different from the working directory and the 
repository? What value do you think it offers?

	The staging area is different from the working directory in it's nature of 
	"purgatory like place", when the working directory is the hell and 
	damnation where from the suffering and screaming of the tortured souls 
	a "piece of heaven" is created. 
	We first test these potential "pieces of heaven" just like Jesus said 
	about testing something through fire in order to prove it's noble nature. 
	This is why we need a staging area, so we won't mix any bad things from 
	hell into heaven. 
	The staging area is also useful because it allows us to choose which/how 
	many files we will update in a single "commit".


3. How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per 
logical change?

	I could only add the files I want to commit in the staging area, thus 
	leaving the unrelated files to be commited alone or with the files that 
	correspond to the same logical change.
	

4. What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your 
history organized? How would branches help?

	When I would like to add an experimental feature to my project, or when 
	I'd like to have a paralel version of my project that might require other 
	features(for example, an italian version aimed at italian people)

5. How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	By drawing a diagram I can visualize the branch structure, having a clear
	view of all the commits,their parents and the different branches or 
	"detached heads" that exist in my project.


6. What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it 
in the diagram the way we do?

	The result is the incorporation of all the features from both branches into
	a new one.
	We represent it the diagram like that because they are both merged into a 
	new head, still having acces to all the former commits.

7. What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing 
merges manually?

	It can spare us alot of time, and it also asks us to verify conflicts 
	whenever git doesen't know for shure what to keep and what to remove in the
	final version of a merge.


Thank you @Denyos for the 
Commands:

git add 	|    Add a file to the staging area
git commit  |    Commit the files from the staging area to the repository 
git status  |    Show which files are in the staging area, and which files from the working directory are not part of the repository    
git diff  	|    Git diff without arguments is comparing the working directory with the staging area
git diff --staged    |    Compare the staging area with the repository
git reset --hard     |    Undo all changes! There is no rollback for this, so be carefull!
git checkout master  |    Restore the "Head" to the latest check-in (this will be part of a later lesson/module)
git checkout -b new_branch_name                |    Creates a new branch and does a checkout on this branch in one call instead of 
													(git branch new_branch_name + git checkout new_branch_name)
git log --graph --oneline <branch1> <branch2>  |    Show a visual representation of the commit history within different branches
git merge branch1 branch2  |    Merge two branches, branch2 gets merged into branch1
git branch -d name         |    Remove the branch with the specified name
git show commitId          | Show the changes made in this commit compared to the previous version. This is working even after merging.












